Minor grammar and clarification updates (#4)
sapegin/washingcode-book: manuscript/book.md

## Avoid conditions

> Conditions make code harder to read and harder to test. They add nesting and make lines of code longer, so you have to split them into several lines. Each nested condition doubles the minimum amount of test cases you need to write for a certain module or function.

Reviewer: Yeah, that's correct but doesn't fit the narrative because I'm talking about any conditions, not just nested ones. So let's change the other word ;-)

```suggestion
Conditions make code harder to read and harder to test. They add nesting and make lines of code longer, so you have to split them into several lines. Each condition increases the minimum number of test cases you need to write for a certain module or function.
```

);
```

A condition is still here but the overall code structure is simpler.

> Guard clauses (a.k.a., "early return") is a great way to avoid nested conditions (a.k.a., the [arrow anti pattern](http://wiki.c2.com/?ArrowAntiPattern) or dangerously deep nesting). Nested conditions are often used for error handing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guard clauses, or early return, is a great way to avoid nested conditions, also known as the [arrow anti pattern](http://wiki.c2.com/?ArrowAntiPattern) and dangerously deep nesting. Nested conditions are often used for error handing:
```

Now we can define our validations table. There are two ways of doing this:

> - using an object where keys represent form fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- using an object where keys represent form fields;
```

> - using an array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- using an array.
```
